How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?
- The way I ensured my code was functional and secure was by having a clear understanding of the projects requirments. Along with sticking to the requirments I also write extensive tests that will have a high coverage percentage. My goal with the tests is to make sure all the requirments are met and tested, I want to achieve at the very least a test coverage of 80%. Making the code functional was essentilly following the requirments and testing the code to make sure all requirments are met and finctioning as intended.

How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?
- I interpret user needs by reading either the user transcript or requirment list. I then break down the transcript into a checklist of needs the user wants or requires that can work with the program. An example comes from this project were the user wanted to create restraints on the users first name. The names could not be null and could not be longer than 10 characters, to incorporate this into the code I used an if statement that covered both requirements that would not let a name be entered that did not fit into the constraints. This is a simple requirment that does not need a lot of thought to create, but any more complex requirments are tested more thoroughly to ensure the user's need is met and funcitonal.

How do I approach designing software?
- The way I approach designing software starts with the user requirments. I take the requirments and break them down into a checklist that is a list of objects that I need to complete before that portion of the software is complete. After I write the code I go back through it looking for any mistakes I may have missed and make sure to test the functionality of the software. Once the code is functional and working I would go back and see if I can make any changes that would make the code more simple or more efficient than it was before, I tend to do this step at the end just in case the code stops working as I can always roll back to a functional software.
